Good evening.
Good evening Welcome to Night Vale, Birmingham Airport. You're speaking
to service our can help you today. Hello my name
is sadness and I'm just wondering if Saturday is available.
Who is valuable now?
I'm sorry my name or boy who I would like
to talk to yeah that's right.
So my name is Agnes and I would like to
speak with Saturday, the reception manager.
OK, I can I say you're calling from?
Up I'm I'm I'm sure I could go back and
see what I want is self care about.
Recording.
So I would like to talk to him for you
guys going to a joke. They can see OK no
problem. I just so how do you access? I just
wanted to call to the front desk you can have
a word with them OK man?
He said, OK, thank you and I'm so sorry you
want to speak to.
Saturday, he 's a recession, monitor all right. You said
more from each other OK. Thank you so much OK.
Thank you.
Good afternoon, just do it another time, Birmingham Airport. My
name is Sergei. How can I help you in latency
something like that?
He's on other line connecting speakers to yourself.
OK.